Nothing can separate
Even if I ran away
Your love never fails
I know I still make mistakes
But You have new mercies for me everyday
Your love never fails
You stay the same through the ages
Your love never changes
There may be pain in the night
But joy comes in the morning
And when the oceans rage
I don't have to be afraid
Because I know that You love me
Your love never fails
The wind is strong and the water's deep
I'm not alone in these open seas
'Cause Your love never fails
The chasm is far too wide
I never thought I'd reach the other side
'Cause Your love never fails
'Cause you stay the same through the ages
Your love never changes
There may be pain in the night
But joy comes in the morning
And when the oceans rage
I don't have to be afraid
Because I know that You love me
Oh no, love never fails
'Cause You make all things work together for
my good
You make all things work together for my good
'Cause you stay
'Cause you stay the same through the ages
Your love never changes
It may be pain in the night
But joy comes in the morning
And when the oceans rage
I don't have to be afraid
Because I know that You love me
Love never fails
You make all things work together for my good
You make, you make all things work together
for my good You make all things work together for my good
All things work together for my good 'Cause you make all things work together for my good
You stay the same through the ages Your love never changes
There may be pain in the night
But joy comes in the morning
And when the oceans rage
I don't have to be afraid
Because I know that You love me
Never fails